README.md, before:

# iFood Docusaurus Theme

> iFood's official Docusaurus theme

## About

This project was created to provide a consistent experience trought iFood project's documentations using Docusaurus. It relies in [Swizzling](https://docusaurus.io/docs/swizzling) feature of Docusaurus, which allows deeper site customizations. Swizzling permits to swap a theme component with our implementation. Thanks to this feature and all customization given to us by the tool, we could easily create this theme.

> Note: It's currently unstable due the not full support to themes from Docusaurus. If there's any problem with the usage, please open an issue.

## Getting started

**Required**:  

- [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/docs) >= 2.0.0
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) >= 16.14.0

*tbd*

## Contributing

### Installing the dependencies

```bash
yarn 
cd example
yarn
```

### Initializing the development environment

```bash
yarn watch
```

In another terminal tab

```bash
cd example
yarn start
```

## Examples

Example folder [here](./example/).

Commit message:

docs(README): Add the steps how to use the theme

README.md, after:

# iFood Docusaurus Theme

> iFood's official Docusaurus theme

## About

This project was created to provide a consistent experience trought iFood project's documentations using Docusaurus. It relies in [Swizzling](https://docusaurus.io/docs/swizzling) feature of Docusaurus, which allows deeper site customizations. Swizzling permits to swap a theme component with our implementation. Thanks to this feature and all customization given to us by the tool, we could easily create this theme.

> Note: It's currently unstable due the not full support to themes from Docusaurus. If there's any problem with the usage, please open an issue.

## Getting started

**Required**:  

- [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/docs) >= 2.0.0
- [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) >= 16.14.0

1. Install docusaurus 

> Due the unstable version of Docusaurus, we currently recomend use the version `2.0.0-beta.9`. We don't guarantee that the theme will work properly in other versions. 

```bash
npx create-docusaurus@2.0.0-beta.9 test-idt classic
```

2. Install the package

```bash
npm i @ifood/docusaurus-theme
```

3. Push the theme to the themes array in `docusaurus.config.js`

```js
...
projectName: 'docusaurus', // Usually your repo name.
themes: [
    '@ifood/docusaurus-theme'
],
presets: [
...
```

## Contributing

### Installing the dependencies

```bash
yarn 
cd example
yarn
```

### Initializing the development environment

```bash
yarn watch
```

In another terminal tab

```bash
cd example
yarn start
```

## Examples

Example folder [here](./example/).
